One man's constant is another man's variable.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
There is no place like 127.0.0.1
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.
Talk is cheap. Show me the code.
In God we trust. All others must bring data.
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they’re not.
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families.
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability.
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones.
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program.
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.
Nine people can’t make a baby in a month. (regarding the addition of more programmers to get a project completed faster)
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.
Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think I know, I'll use regular expressions. Now they have two problems.
You can use an eraser on the drafting table or a sledgehammer on the construction site
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.
There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses.
It's all talk until the code runs.
Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
Being a good software engineer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the internet.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
The imposter syndrome is real. Luckily, it goes away.
Know how to learn. Then, want to learn.
Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window.
When in doubt, use brute force.
Once a new technology starts rolling, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the road.
The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language.
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming. Feedback is the treatment.
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.
I'm not a great programmer. I'm just a good programmer with great habits.
Here comes the sun do do dodo
i was here --- That one tall guy!
